# python-challenge
Brendan Doucette
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	In the PyBank folder you will find the completed assignment for the budget_data information. This data frame included different dates and the profit/loses on those dates. For this part of the assignment I opened the csv file and read through the data to find the total months, net total of profit over the entire time period, the average changes of the Profit/Loses, the greatest increase in profit between months, and the greatest decrease in profit between months. Then, I printed these results to the terminal as well as saving that print to a text file in the analysis folder. To help me complete this part of the challenge I utilized variables, loops, lists, functions, reading csv files, and writing text files. 

__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

	For the next part of the challenge in the PyPoll folder I opened the data set (election_data.csv). This data frame included the ballot id, the county where the vote was casted from, and the candidate that they voted for. I used this data set to find the total votes, the names of the candidates, the percentage and total votes per candidate, and the winner. I then printed these results to the terminal and exported a text file in the analysis folder of the results. To find these values I used loops, conditionals, lists, functions, reading csv files, and writing texts files. 
